Add landing pages (#1801)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/scos/dev/back-end-development/data-manipulation/data-ingestion/structural-preparations/structural-preparations.md

---

> title: Data ingestion

Author: ```suggestion
title: Structural preparation
```

description: This page lists documents inside the Structural preparations section
last_updated: Apr 25, 2023
template: howto-guide-template
---

> The *Structural preparations* section includes the following documents:

Author: ```suggestion
In the *Structural preparations" section, you can find information about various aspects of setting up and organizing your project's structure. Here, you can learn how to create, use, and expand transfer objects effectively for data manipulation as well as how to extend the existing database schema. Also, you can explore the integration with the `thephpleague` flysystem vendor package.

The *Structural preparations* section includes the following documents:
```

---
title: Structural preparation
description: This page lists documents inside the Structural preparations section
last_updated: Apr 25, 2023
template: howto-guide-template
---

> In the *Structural preparations" section, you can find information about various aspects of setting up and organizing your project's structure. Here, you can learn how to create, use, and expand transfer objects effectively for data manipulation as well as how to extend the existing database schema. Also, you can explore the integration with the `thephpleague` flysystem vendor package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *Structural preparation* section covers information about various aspects of setting up and organizing your project's structure. Here, you will learn how to create, use, and expand transfer objects effectively for data manipulation as well as how to extend the existing database schema. Also, you can explore the integration with the `thephpleague` flysystem vendor package.
```
